well howdy there internet people it's Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
being prepared there are a whole lot of
people who want to get prepared now
after what has recently happened they
want to be ready for the next event
there will be another one there will
always be another one if you have any
interest in this topic I strongly
suggest you watch this video we're going
to go into a lot more detail than we
have before and I have props today this
started because somebody on the live
stream was like hey I want to take my
stimulus and get get prepared like
awesome
send me your details tell me about your
personal situation and we'll turn it
into a video we'll get you prepped up
because $1,200 for one person that's
awesome you can kit somebody up
completely for that $1,200 for six
people well that's a challenge and this
is why YouTube videos on this subject
are not particularly helpful most times
because they do not take into account
your personal situation they are made
generally for people people like me and
people that have outdoor skills people
that have training people that that are
more comfortable with it
there aren't many made for the average
person so the details come in and yeah
it's six people not one that's a big
difference there are two schools of
thought when it comes to getting
prepared one is skill based that is you
learn a whole bunch therefore you don't
need much that's normally for young fit
single people as you get a house full of
kids you realize that you may be able to
survive on next to nothing but you may
need to prepare a little bit more for
them and that's the other school of
thought preparing ahead of time
stockpiling stuff getting ready however
that requires space if you live in a
small apartment that gets real hard and
you have to get
creative and that is the situation we
are dealing with somebody with little
training and little space that's
challenge that's challenge which makes
it fun
okay so in this case because we're
talking about six people who don't have
of any of this stuff I'm going to do
something I normally would say don't do
I'm gonna recommend getting a pre packed
bag just buying one normally I would
suggest you you pack it yourself however
if you have that many people it makes
sense to just go ahead and have some
company do it for you I've never seen a
sixth person bug out bag it may exist I
have seen four person and you can make
do with that and the stuff that you know
you're going to need additional love you
can just throw it a four person bug out
bag runs around 150 bucks that has the
canteens matches flashlights the basic
stuff that you're just gonna have to
have everybody's gonna have to have it's
a good building block it's a good
starting point it's probably also going
to come with a cool military bag which
you're gonna throw away you're not gonna
use it for this and we'll explain why
later Lee so that's one big purchase the
next one is a medical kit and by a
medical kit I do not mean a $20 first
aid kit from Walmart there's just a
bunch of band-aids good ones I've done a
video that shows like a real high-end
one good ones that are readily available
everywhere the m17 and am39 medical bags
from DoD they are packed with everything
you need to treat an injury they have
everything you need there's not much
that you're going to encounter that
those things won't help with when it
comes to injury but that doesn't help
with illness so the next thing you have
to do is go to the dollar store to get
your meds
you go there because it's inexpensive
and you can get a wide variety of stuff
to treat a wide variety of illnesses
they also tend to use pressed pills
they're not gel caps which is important
there's a thing there's a study called
the shelf life extension program if
you're going to do this you have to
actually go and read this stuff because
it doesn't apply to all medicine and you
need to be certain that the ones that
you're counting on fall into the
category I'm talking about here and this
is this is an important note you have to
actually read it you have to check your
specific med generally what they have
found with pressed pills this doesn't
apply to gel caps or liquid stuff
anything that's biological they don't go
bad not I mean not in the sense that
they become harmful they become less
potent which means they'll still do some
good depending on the type of net and
make sure you go read it and check it I
can't stress that enough but they have
found that many meds 10 years later with
will still retain like 90% of their
potency so I would read that first and
then pick the meds that match up with
that program that you can get your hands
on ok the next thing is your ADC kit
EDC means everyday carry that's like a
Swiss Army knife multi-tool a little
baby flashlight lighter stuff like that
and as the name suggests you should have
it on you all the time
just in case okay the follow up is a
knife now generally people like me who
are outdoorsy we use our knives every
day so when we recommend a knife it's
going to be a knife that stands up to
everyday use for years you probably
don't need a Gerber or a Spyderco or
something like that you probably don't
need a $300 knife because you don't use
it everyday Camillus this brand you can
pick them up at most big-box stores
for a tenth of the price of one of the
knives that is normally recommended by
somebody like me you could get three of
these they're literally like 10 bucks
apiece and they work they're durable
they last you want to get three of them
if you have one you have none because
the second you need it it's gonna break
so go ahead and get three now that's
thirty bucks so so far we're at 150 for
the bag 200 for the medical kit 20 bucks
for the EDC stuff $30 for the knife or
knives fishing kit if it is relevant to
you 30 to 40 bucks so you can you can
get fish then that helps not have to
store as much food seeds in case things
go really crazy you can get some that
are pre packed for long-term storage
they'll come in like a bucket or a mylar
bag something like that the mylar bags
tend to be the best bang for the buck
under normal circumstances it's like 15
dollars I've seen them now because of
everything going crazy they're like 80
bucks they're not worth that they're the
same seeds that you would get in a paper
bag like heirloom seeds in any in any
garden shop they're just packed
differently if you can find it at a
reasonable price it's probably worth
having a packed pre-packed for you if
not do it yourself okay the next thing
we're going to talk about is water if
you have a small apartment
you can't like store a whole bunch of
gallons of water you don't have the road
these are collapsible water containers
they're like 2 bucks you can pick them
up online that one I think is two and a
half gallons they have some that are 5
whatever but you spend 10 $15 like that
and that's it I mean you you fill them
up when you need them
yeah or when you suspect that you're
gonna need them you don't have to have
them around the whole time for taking up
space so there that's getting a little
creative with the space there in case
the water coming out of your tap is bad
you're going to need a Sawyer or a life
straw or water purification tablets
Sawyer's and life straws they work the
same way the water goes through a filter
the tablets you drop the tablet in makes
the water taste a little funny but it
purifies it from non chemical stuff and
that's something you need to be aware of
this doesn't mean that you can that this
stuff doesn't treat runoff from
industrial places that is just something
to to take note of people have an
opinion on which is best I don't I
really don't I don't think it matters
that much I will say that I have both
tablets are useful for a large party
like a group of six in case somebody has
to venture off for a couple of days they
may not be able to take one of the
straws with them because you may need it
but you can tear off a strip of
purification tablets so they are useful
none of that stuff takes up much space
for shelter mylar tents incredibly
inexpensive and they work they are
crinkly they're noisy and they're bright
silver so they wouldn't be great if
you're looking to lay low you may want
to get a poncho liner or something like
that
to to subdue it a little bit if you want
to we're looking at twenty bucks that
takes care of food water fire shell
- knife and medicine all of that is less
than $600 so the next thing we're going
to talk about the next part of the video
is number one why you threw that bag
away and you're not going to use it for
this we're going to talk about food
stores the different kinds of food that
you can store for long periods of time
and stuff that isn't mandatory but that
you may want anyway
alright so part two should be coming
soon anyway it's just a thought y'all
have a good night